# Group 1
A proc object can be created by using the `proc` keyword followed by a block. The block can specify a block local variable. Notably, that block local variable is optional in execution. When not included, the block just proceeds as if the block local variable is `nil` (presumably). proc objects are members of the Proc class. When `#to_s` is called on a proc object, the class name, its id, and the file where it is present are returned.

# Group 2
Notably, there are two ways to initialize a lambda object. One can either write out `lambda block`, or `-> (block local variable) block`. In the first case, the block local variable is contained within the block as per usual. Both are perfectly valid. It is not valid to write `Lambda.new block`. There is no class `Lambda`. When `#to_s` is called on the lambda, its class, id, and the file it is present in are returned. Additionally, a note is added at the end, mentioning that it is a lambda. Lambdas are a part of the `Proc` class. Unlike proc objects, lambda objects care about having the correct number of arguments passed to them. They return an `ArgumentError` if the wrong number of arguments is passed in.

# Group 3
Right, so as we see here, Ruby's blocks have a very loose arity. They don't care if no argument is passed to them. In that case, they just assign the block local variable to `nil` execute the block. That said, `yield` will raise a `LocalJumpError` if no block is given for it to execute.

# Group 4
This code demonstrates Ruby's lenient block arity. Objects passed into a block via `yield` are assigned to block local variables one at a time. If there are more block local variables named than there are objects passed in via `yield`, the additional block local variables are just assigned to `nil` objects. This is why `line 8` prints `This is a turtle and a .`. Blocks do not have access to objects passed into the block via `yield` if there is no block local variable defined to be assigned to the object, however. This is why we have a `NameError` on `line 11`. There is no block local variable `animal` defined for the block, even though `'turtle'` is passed in. That said, no error is raised by passing an object into the block, even when no block local variable is defined to use the object.
